Jack's Flight Club
This week free members get all the deals!

Plus, our best ever Black Friday offer - 3 months Premium membership for only €1 😲

Get more deals, weekend trip suggestions, departure filters, access to our deal archive and exclusive discounts :-)

Go premium
Free Deal Alert: 21 November 2022

It's Black Friday week... and we're off!

Some very solid fares to New York here, with a bonus route to Fort Lauderdale as well for those travelling from Oslo.

Our FB group is exactly the place to go if you're feeling overwhelmed with the choice of amazing taquerias - JFC'er Esther suggests heading to Dumbo in NYC for some great tacos al pastor.

 
Here's the deal

Routes
Returns from Oslo (OSL):
Fort Lauderdale (FLL) - €275

New York (JFK) - €247

Returns from Berlin (BER):
New York (JFK) - €277

Details
Travel Dates
May - June & September 2023

Airline
Norse Atlantic Airways

Standard Fare
€500+ (non-stop)

Bags & Fees
Full size carry on is €68 rtn, checked bag is €114 rtn and seat selection starts at €48 rtn.

Book by
This sale will last until 29th November.

Dedicated to the Deal: Our only incentive is helping you land a great deal, so we don't accept any sponsored links or advertising content in our deal alerts.

Essential travel info:

Flight changes: When an airline offers a flexible change or cancellation policy, we'll note that here. Most airlines do charge a fee for making changes or cancelling a flight now.

Entry Requirements: You can enter most countries normally with proof of vaccination - Skyscanner has a useful tool for double-checking requirements. Some countries do have extra testing or quarantine rules to enter if you're unvaccinated.

How to book it

Step1
We recommend Google Flights to find this deal because it has an easy-to-use calendar tool to browse dates and fares. See an example itinerary by pressing the blue button below.

Select one of the date boxes to expand the calendar view and see fares for each departure date. The fares shown will update if you pick a longer or shorter trip - trying different lengths can reveal more options.

You can find the cheapest fares with an Online Travel Agent in step two, or book with the airline once you select both flights on Google Flights.

Find on Google Flights

Need more help?get in touch
Finding dates with Google Flights

When to use online travel agents

Step2
To get the lowest fares (listed above), book with an Online Travel Agent (OTA). Skyscanner lists OTAs that are the cheapest for this deal - see an example through the blue button below.

On Skyscanner, enter the itinerary you found in step one and wait for the search to finish loading - it can take 20-30 seconds. Book with the cheapest OTA or the one you like the most.

Quickly convert your Google Flights finds to searches on Skyscanner with our Fare Compare browser extension. One click and you're done :-)

Find on Skyscanner

 
Example Itinerary


 
We love hearing if members have bagged a deal, so let us know if you booked it and you could win a year of free Premium membership!

Cheers,



		

Sent with ❤️ by Jack's Flight Club


Thanks for helping us plant 701,660 Trees 🌲 so far.

Visit the members portal to unsubscribe or change your account settings. You can take a
break from deal alerts by pausing them.

© 2022 Jack's Flight Club
JFC Travel Group Co, 2140 S. Dupont, Camden, DE 19934, United States

